New article "Use the Edge Add-ons badge to promote your add-on" (#3550)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/extensions/publish/add-ons-badge.md

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Download the badge image files

Download the complete set of `.png` files: [Microsoft Edge Add-ons Badges.zip](https://github.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions/blob/main/assets/microsoft-edge-add-ons-badges.zip).
<!-- todo:
1. remove hidden macOS dir from the .zip file
2. upload the Edge-specific .zip file to either:
   download.microsoft.com (www.microsoft.com/download)
   https://github.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions/pull/365
3. update the url above
-->

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Badge usage guidelines

Follow the required specifications for image usage, fonts, and color palette.  For detailed usage examples and guidelines, download and read the [Microsoft Edge Badge Guidelines](https://download.microsoft.com/download/0/7/D/07DF43D4-B1A8-4D38-BC02-4903BB36CEE8/Microsoft_Store_Badge_Guidelines.pdf) (PDF).
<!-- todo:
1. upload the Edge-specific .pdf file to either:
   download.microsoft.com (www.microsoft.com/download)
   https://github.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions/pull/365
2. update the url above

> -->

Author: 1. upload the Edge-specific .pdf file to either:
   download.microsoft.com (www.microsoft.com/download)
   https://github.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions/pull/365
2. update the url above

The generic Microsoft Store badge reads **Get it from Microsoft**, and shows the Microsoft logo.

Unlike the generic Microsoft Store badge, the Microsoft Edge Add-ons badge provides a distinct, trusted visual cue that connects your Microsoft Edge add-on directly to the Microsoft Edge ecosystem.

The Microsoft Edge Add-ons badge is not the same as the Microsoft brand logo, and they cannot be used interchangeably.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Download the badge image files

Download the complete set of `.png` files: 

* [Microsoft_Edge_Add-ons_badge_image_files.zip](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions/refs/heads/main/assets/Microsoft_Edge_Add-ons_badge_image_files.zip) (from the [MicrosoftEdge-Extensions](https://github.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions) repo).

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Badge usage guidelines

Follow these guidelines for using the Microsoft Edge Add-ons badge.  For detailed usage examples and guidelines, download and read the PDF file:

> * [Microsoft_Edge_Add-ons_badge_guidelines.pdf](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions/refs/heads/main/assets/Microsoft_Edge_Add-ons_badge_guidelines.pdf) (from the [MicrosoftEdge-Extensions](https://github.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions) repo).

Author: Notes about PDF content - per mgmt, I am not doing a full Editor review pass, but am reporting a few things I happened to notice: @G-u-r-j-e-e-t 

1. Says "web app" 2x.  mgmt directed me to avoid that term in the Extensions articles (PR 3550).

1. Change from:
Microsoft Edge Add-ons badge let you showcase your extensions with Edge-specific branding.
to:
The Microsoft Edge Add-ons badge lets you showcase your extension with Microsoft Edge-specific branding.
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/product-style-guide-msft-internal/a_z_names_terms/m/microsoft-edge

1. Change from:
Unlike generic Microsoft Store badges—the Microsoft Edge Add ons badge provides a distinct, trusted visual cue that connects your extension directly to the Edge ecosystem.
to:
Unlike generic Microsoft Store badges, the Microsoft Edge Add-ons badge provides a distinct, trusted visual cue that connects your extension directly to the Microsoft Edge ecosystem.

1. Change from:
Through this document, we’ll show you, how to display the badge, requirements to use the badge, how to use localized badges and examples of best practices
to:
This document shows you how to display the badge, requirements for using the badge, how to use localized badges, and examples of best practices.
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/grammar/person#avoid-plural-first-person-we-us
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/punctuation/commas

1. Change from:
Making the badge a clickable active link is a requirement 
to:
Making the badge a clickable, active link is a requirement.

1. Change from:
It is not permitted to use the badge in static marketing materials (e.g., posters, flyers, or non-clickable images in presentations or videos).
to:
It's not permitted to use the badge in static marketing materials (such as posters, flyers, or non-clickable images in presentations or videos).
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/word-choice/use-contractions
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/e/eg

1. Change from:
The badge is intended solely to facilitate direct access to your content on the Edge Add-ons platform.
to:
The badge is intended solely to facilitate direct access to your content on the Microsoft Edge Add-ons platform.
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/product-style-guide-msft-internal/a_z_names_terms/m/microsoft-edge

1. Change from: 
When scaling the badge, always maintain its aspect ratio, do not stretch or compress it.
to: 
When scaling the badge, always maintain its aspect ratio; do not stretch or compress it.

1. Change from:
To preserve their quality, please don’t translate the text or create your own translation of localized badges.
to: 
To preserve their quality, don’t translate the text or create your own translation of localized badges.
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/p/please

1. Change from: 
This website followed the recommended spacing guidelines, ensuring the badge remained clear and - - easily recognizable.
to: 
This website follows the recommended spacing guidelines, ensuring that the badge remains clear and easily recognizable.
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/grammar/verbs#verb-tense
https://developers.google.com/style/timeless-documentation
https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/ensure - Find "ensured that"
https://microsoft.visualstudio.com/Edge/_wiki/wikis/Edge.wiki/76165/Wording-punctuation?anchor=find-%E2%80%98ensure%E2%80%99%3B-change-to-%E2%80%98make-sure%E2%80%99-or-%E2%80%98to-ensure%E2%80%99

Author: Updating the PDF would require a new PR in the MicrosoftEdge-Extensions repo.
This PR Comment in PR 3550 is a copy of PR [Comment](https://github.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions/pull/365/files/4be4d12ba91817ed82d15a2c174e27af33242f74#r2353145763) in PR 365.

@G-u-r-j-e-e-t

---
title: Use the Microsoft Edge Add-ons badge to promote your add-on
description: Use this badge in your websites, documentation, or tutorials, to promote your extension (or theme) that's at the Microsoft Edge Add-ons site.  # key words before col 158
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.date: 09/15/2025
---
# Use the Microsoft Edge Add-ons badge to promote your add-on

> <!-- upstream:

Reviewer: I don't think we need this comment anymore. We've deviated from this "upstream" doc, and the upstream doc is no longer available anyway.

The Microsoft Edge Add-ons badge appears in full color with a dark background, and includes a gray border and transparent corners.  The badge `.png` files are provided in 41 languages.

The Microsoft Edge Add-ons badge lets you showcase your Microsoft Edge add-on with Microsoft Edge-specific branding.  To prevent confusion with the broader [Microsoft Store](https://apps.microsoft.com), the Microsoft Edge Add-ons badge is intended exclusively for promoting add-ons that are available for Microsoft Edge.  This badge helps users clearly identify content that is built specifically for the Microsoft Edge browser.

The generic Microsoft Store badge reads **Get it from Microsoft**, and shows the Microsoft logo.

Unlike the generic Microsoft Store badge, the Microsoft Edge Add-ons badge provides a distinct, trusted visual cue that connects your Microsoft Edge add-on directly to the Microsoft Edge ecosystem.

The Microsoft Edge Add-ons badge is not the same as the Microsoft brand logo, and they cannot be used interchangeably.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Download the badge image files

> Download the complete set of `.png` files: 

Author: ok to have "MS" in .png file names?  eg; file name `English_Get it from MS Edge.png` within .zip file.
* https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/product-style-guide-msft-internal/acronyms-and-abbreviations#dont-turn-any-name-into-an-acronym-or-use-an-acronym-or-abbreviation-in-a-name -- "No Microsoft product or feature name may be turned into an acronym or abbreviation (or use either in the name). That means no MS, MSFT, ML, MR, AR, VR, CDS, VSO, CDM, CDN, AAD, ARM, MAM, Quick Calcs, Mgmt, and so on. There are only a handful of approved exceptions to this rule in our names (noted in individual A–Z name entries in this style guide)."
* https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/product-style-guide-msft-internal/product-and-feature-names/microsoft-365/basic-attribution-guidelines#when-to-include-microsoft-in-app-names

@captainbrosset

Author: changed MS to Microsoft in png file names in .zip file

* [Microsoft_Edge_Add-ons_badge_image_files.zip](https://github.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions/blob/main/assets/Microsoft_Edge_Add-ons_badge_image_files.zip) (from the [MicrosoftEdge-Extensions](https://github.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions) repo).

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Badge usage guidelines

> Follow the required specifications for image usage, fonts, and color palette.  For detailed usage examples and guidelines, download and read the PDF file:

Reviewer: There are no fonts guidelines below, or in the PDF (I don't think), and you can't change the color within the badge because it's an image. What about:

```suggestion
Follow these guidelines for using the Microsoft Edge Add-ons badge.  For detailed usage examples and guidelines, download and read the PDF file:
```

* Do not create your own version, alter the text color, extract the Microsoft Edge logo, or modify the badge in any way.

* Do not animate, rotate, tilt, stretch, compress, or apply gradients or shadows to the badge.

* Do not use the badge as a decorative element in any context.

* The badge must always be an active, clickable link that directs users to your product detail page at [Microsoft Edge Add-ons](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com).

* Do not use the badge in static marketing materials, such as posters, flyers, or non-clickable images in presentations or videos.

* The badge is intended solely to facilitate direct access to your add-ons at [Microsoft Edge Add-ons](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com).

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Minimum size for the badge

To ensure that the badge text remains readable, display it at a minimum size of 32px.  Avoid using smaller sizes.

When scaling the badge, always maintain its aspect ratio; do not stretch or compress the badge image.  This helps preserve visual quality and reinforces your product's credibility.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## See also

> * [Microsoft Edge Add-ons](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com) - site includes extensions and themes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Microsoft Edge Add-ons](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com)
```

This seemed like a note for ourselves. I don't think it's useful to readers.
